Version 1.13

The Portal has a new color scheme that matches the CultureWorks palette. You may need to ask your browser to clear its cache of images and files to see the new colors.

Edit Document now supports all document types.

In Edit Deposit, you can now change the Destination of Funds when the request includes split GL Codes. 

Version 1.12.2

Several bugs in the Edit Expense page are fixed.


Version 1.12

There is a new request type: "Document Request." It replaces the "Approval Request." In this release, only the "Contract" option is supported. Dashboards now list Expenses, then Deposits, then Documents.

When the "Submit" button on the Edit Deposit, Edit Document, or Edit Expense page encounters an error, such as a missing field, the page now repositions to the first field with an error.

The Edit Project page now displays the Project Staff members associated with the project.

The Edit Portal User page now displays projects that the user is associated with, i.e., Project Director or Project Staff.

The Edit Advanced Options page now includes "Email Control Options," a parameterized string to control the way that emails are sent for Document Requests that reach "Executed" status.

The Edit Advanced Options page for emails now supports a {5} parameter for Request Subtype, which is specific to Request Type, e.g., Contract, PEX Code, Check.

The "New" button in the Edit Deposit/Document/Expense pages no longer asks for confirmation if the user is a CW staff member.

When this "New" button opens the Assign Entity/Person to Project page, only the roles that relevant to the new Deposit/Document/Expense request are enabled.

On the Edit Expense page, the "Split" button now creates a two-row list.

On the Edit Expense page, Delivery Instructions have been reorganized to be more consistent. The "Rush" operation is now available for all Expense types.

On the Edit Expense page, when the "Rush" box is checked, a warning message appears before processing continues.

On the Edit Document and Edit Expense pages, the "Save" button now asks for confirmation before saving (unless the user is a CW staff member).

Deposit Requests are now called Deposit Notifications.

The Edit Portal User and Edit Project pages now display User-to-Project information in a tabular format.

In Dashboards and Histories, dates are now displayed as "mm/dd/yyyy hh:mm xm." Dates within requests are still displayed as "mm/dd/yyyy."

In Expenses, PEX Cards now have a single Delivery option available - Rush. In addition, PEX Cards no longer ask for an Expense Code.

On the Home page, the rightmost "Learn More>>" button now displays a news update.

On the Review Deposit, Review Document, and Review Expense pages, the "Zip" button now downloads all supporting documents into a single, compressed file.

On the Assign Entity To Project and Assign Person To Project pages, Project Directors and Project Staff must enter a search string to see Entities/Persons.


Version 1.11

On the Assign Entity To Project page and the Assign Person To Project page, the "Remove All" button has been removed. Too dangerous.

Version 1.10

The role "Trust Director" is now called "Community Director." The role "Trust Executive" is now called "President."
On Project Dashboard, search filters are now available for GL Code and Project Class. These filters do not find GL Codes or Project Classes in split requests.
On the Select Project page, you can now search by project name or project code.
On the Edit Deposit and Edit Expense pages, the lists of Entities and Persons now have a "New" button to assign new entities/persons to the project.
On the Assign Entitys to Project page, there is now a "New" button to add new entities.
On the Assign Persons to Project page, there is now a "New" button to add new persons.
Reviewers (i.e., Project Director, Community Director, Finance Director, etc) can still "Return" a request, but can now also "Revise" a request. Revising allows the reviewer to make substantitive changes to the request before submitting it back to the prior reviewer.
Clicking the "History" button displays the history of the request. Clicking the "History" button a second time removes the display. The "History" button is now visible when editing a request.
The name of a Supporting Document file cannot contain a pound sign character ('#'). (Browsers cannot process such a file name to view the file.)
The text boxes for various notes - Note, Staff Note, Return Note - are larger. There is a "Clear" button on each field, if you can edit the field.
On a "Returned" Deposit or Expense request, the "Review" button on the Project Dashboard now initiaties a "Revise" function. You do not need to "View" the Request in order to revise it.
On the Project Dashboard and Staff Dashboard, the panel for Approval Requests now begins "closed" rather than "open." The "New" button, which creates new Approval Requests, is now disabled.

Version 1.9

There is a new parameter, {4}, in emails. This parameter substitutes the name of the recipient of the email.
There is a new Email Option, "Send Email to me when a rush request is submitted". If unchecked, the Portal will not send the user a copy of the "Broadcast" email on the submission of a Rush request. Note that
the user will still receive an email when the rush request reaches them for review.
All Edit Request and Review Request functions now View an Attachment within the browser, if possible. 
 
Version 1.8

On the Admin page, List Projects now has an option to select a project and dump its metadata, including all requests.
On the Review Expense page, once a supporting document has been selected from the list, clicking the View button attempts to open the document in a new browser tab.
Expense Requests have a new approval flow: PD -> IC -> FD -> TD -> TE -> FD -> PD

Version 1.7 - A minor release to fix a bug

On the Review Approval, Review Deposit, and Review Expense pages, entering text in the Review Note field and then pressing the Approve button reports an error.

Version 1.6

On the Staff Dashboard, Approved Requests are highlighted in purple for the Finance Director.
On the Admin page, "Portal Parameters" are now "Advanced Options."
The "Show Hist" button is now named "History."
On the Edit Expense page, the "Rush" checkbox now has a new flyover help message.

Version 1.5

On the Staff Dashboard, the Next Reviewer filter in the Search panel is reorganized to include "Unsubmitted," "Completed," and "Returned" checkboxes.
On the Staff Dashboard, there is a "Review" button on each row to begin a Review of that Request.
On the Staff Dashboard, the Portal now returns to the same page within the list of requests when you finish reviewing a Request. 
On the Staff Dashboard, the Portal now displays the number of the page within the list of requests.

There is a new "Staff Note" field for each Request. It is displayed only when an IC edits a request and when a staff member (FD, TD, TE) reviews a request. The staff member can add text to the Staff Note, which is saved when the Request is approved.
Deposits of Checks and EFTs now allow both Deposit and Expense GL Codes.

On the Project Dashboard, the Request Status filter in the Search panel now refers to "Unsubmitted" Requests rather than "Awaiting Project Staff" Requests.

On the Edit Expense Request page, the types of Requests are reordered. "Contractor Invoice" comes first and "Paycheck" is renamed "Payroll."
On the Edit Expense Request page, the Payment Method now follows the Expense Account.

On the Main Admin page, the "Email Parameters" option is now called "Edit Portal Parameters."
On the Edit Portal Parameters page, there is a new "Disable Logins" option to prevent logins by any non-Administrator users.

For Deposit Requests, requests now allow the dollar amount to be "split" across many Income and Expense Accounts.

Version 1.4

For Deposit and Expense Requests, dollar amounts are now right-justified and reformatted as they are entered.
For Expense Requests, Reimbursement requests now allow the dollar amount to be "split" across many Expense Accounts.
On the Admin page, the function "Adjust Parameters" is now called "Email Parameters."
There are new Email Parameters to support "Rush" requests. A rush request first sends a "broadcast" email to all staff members. Then sends "rush" emails to reviewers.
Approving Expense Requests is simplified. Once the Truse Executive approves the request, it becomes "Ready to Pay" for the Finance Director.
Approving Deposit Requests is simplified. The approval process no longer involves the Trust Executive.

Version 1.3

The Portal now sends emails when a request is approved. There are several new features to control this process.
The new Adjust Parameters page on the Admin menu controls whether each role - PD, FD, IC, TD and TE - receive an email when a request reaches them.
The Adjust Parameters page can also override the subject and body of these emails.
The Edit Portal User page controls whether a user receives these emails, regardless of their role. It can turn them all off.
The new Change My Email Options page on the User dropdown menu controls the same flag. It can turn all emails off.
For Deposit Requests, the approval flow only visits the Finance Director once, not twice.
When a Deposit Request is returned, it is now correctly directed to the attention of the Internal Coordinator.
When any type of Request is returned, the Return Note field is now mandatory.
Approval Requests of type Certificate of Insurance now have their own, abbreviated review path.

Version 1.2

An Expense Requests can be labeled "Rush" in its Delivery Instructions. Rush requests appear in red on the Project Dashboard and Staff Dashboard.
On the Admin page, the new List Projects function creates a printable list of all projects.
Projects now contain 3-letter codes that identify them in the accounting system. Edit Project can set this code. The new Admin function List Projects displays the code. And the new Admin function Import Project Balances reads a CSV file of codes, balance dates, and current funds and updates the projects.

﻿Version 1.1

For Entities, GL Codes, Persons, and Projects, the Portal now requires that names be unique. That is, duplicate names are not allowed.
In all Grids, the number of rows per page is now controlled by a user-specific parameter. This can be adjusted on the Edit Portal User page.
On Edit Project, the Balance Date can now be edited.
In Project Dashboard and Staff Dashboard, a bug in pagination of request lists is fixed.
A bug that prevented Staff from Reviewing Approvals is fixed.
In Project Dashboard, a Project Director can now archive a Deposit Request.
A Gift Card is now called a PEX Card.

Version 1.0 - First production use

On all Select Pages, display Inactive column only if Inactive checkbox is checked.
Bring Project Director to correct page - Project Dashboard - after reviewing a request.